readme.md, before:

# Radio Stream to Spotify

Given a online radio stream URL, this program periodically checks for any
song title being returned by the stream metadata (the "now playing"), looks
it up on Spotify, and then adds it to a playlist.

This code will only work with streams that actually report the current song
playing in the metadata, and it needs to be in a readable format. I have
done much of the testing with Absolute Radio streams (UK), which do report the
current song playing most of the time.

## Example Playlists

* Absolute Radio - 100 Last Songs: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0V9GJ7AN5KDWcceQHZdpE6?si=5xhtEWVBTZq6VcJOpDn-lw
* Absolute Radio 00s - 100 Last Songs: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2LNViAfRMtk5KVxBUO0z5y?si=IWTA38l7SlaSomDkq8RiIw
* Absolute Radio 10s - 100 Last Songs: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7lfFh86w4G9frIPWvOlI2k?si=-9v8mLI5T2Gu7ol2eHPq2g
* KISS FM (UK) - 100 Last Songs: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3un6OVv6rtssdGZFqeax58?si=d_nZ6FWvQzKIqi1w4vVTgQ

## Prerequisites

* At least Python 3.6
* Tekore: https://pypi.org/project/tekore/

## Setting Up
A number of files need to be present for the program to work:

* **A Tekore config file**: Tekore is being set up from a configuration file which you will have to specify the location of when prompted. The contents of said file are detailed here: https://tekore.readthedocs.io/en/stable/advanced_usage.html#application-configuration
* **streams.txt**: This file is expected to be in the working directory, and holds the data for each stream you wish to be polling. It *must* contain all of the following information on a single line, separated by '@@@':
  * **Name**: the name of the stream,
  * **Url**: the stream url to poll,
  * **Encoding**: the encoding being used for the stream metadata (try latin1 first, or iso-8859-1 for mp3, or utf-8 for ogg)
  * **Regex**: a regular expression to be used for searching for the title amongst the metadata (try StreamTitle='(.*)';S)
  * **Separator**: the character that separates the track title from the track artist/s (eg, -)
  * **Order**: if the artist comes before the track title in the stream data, let this be 0. If it's the opposite, let this be 1.
  * **Playlist ID**: the Spotify ID for the playlist you wish this stations songs to be added to. To obtain, right click a playlist in the client, go to share, then copy Spotify URI and remove "spotify:playlist:" from the start to be left with the ID.
  * **Include Remixes?**: let this be 1 if you want to include remix tracks in the search, else let this be 0.
  
  An example line:
    
      absolute-radio@@@http://live-absolute.sharp-stream.com/absoluteradio.mp3@@@latin1@@@StreamTitle='(.*)';S@@@-@@@1@@@0V9GJ7AN5KDWcceQHZdpE6@@@0

Commit message:

Adding simple functionality to check latest tweets from "now playing" Twitter bots to get the latest song

readme.md, after:

# Radio Stream to Spotify

Given a online radio stream URL, this program periodically checks for any
song title being returned by the stream metadata (the "now playing"), looks
it up on Spotify, and then adds it to a playlist.

BBC radio streams do the annoying thing of not reporting what song they're playing in the stream metadata - likely to
get you to use BBC Sounds... Yet, they report the current song for the main stations through Twitter feeds like
@BBCR1MusicBot (for now...). The latest tweet can be read from these feeds to get the last song played on the station.
For this purpose, in the 'streams.txt' file (see 'Setting Up'), the name must begin with 'twitter' and the url set to
the name of the user (e.g. "BBCR1MusicBot"), and the latest tweet can be read and added as a song to the Spotify
playlist, if found.

Twitter developer keys must be set in the twitter_handling.py file, regardless if you're using the Twitter functionality
or not. Sorry! This may change in the future.

This code will only work with streams that actually report the current song
playing in the metadata, and it needs to be in a readable format. I have
done much of the testing with Absolute Radio streams (UK), which do report the
current song playing most of the time.

## Example Playlists

* Absolute Radio - 100 Last Songs: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0V9GJ7AN5KDWcceQHZdpE6?si=5xhtEWVBTZq6VcJOpDn-lw
* Absolute Radio 00s - 100 Last Songs: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2LNViAfRMtk5KVxBUO0z5y?si=IWTA38l7SlaSomDkq8RiIw
* Absolute Radio 10s - 100 Last Songs: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7lfFh86w4G9frIPWvOlI2k?si=-9v8mLI5T2Gu7ol2eHPq2g
* KISS FM (UK) - 100 Last Songs: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3un6OVv6rtssdGZFqeax58?si=d_nZ6FWvQzKIqi1w4vVTgQ

## Prerequisites

* At least Python 3.6
* Tekore: https://pypi.org/project/tekore/
* TwitterSearch: https://pypi.org/project/TwitterSearch/

## Setting Up
Set Twitter credentials in the twitter_handling.py (the 4 values at the top) for the Twitter 'now playing' bot handling.

A number of files need to be present for the program to work:

* **A Tekore config file**: Tekore is being set up from a configuration file which you will have to specify the location of when prompted. The contents of said file are detailed here: https://tekore.readthedocs.io/en/stable/advanced_usage.html#application-configuration
* **streams.txt**: This file is expected to be in the working directory, and holds the data for each stream you wish to be polling. It *must* contain all of the following information on a single line, separated by '@@@':
  * **Name**: the name of the stream,
  * **Url**: the stream url to poll,
  * **Encoding**: the encoding being used for the stream metadata (try latin1 first, or iso-8859-1 for mp3, or utf-8 for ogg)
  * **Regex**: a regular expression to be used for searching for the title amongst the metadata (try StreamTitle='(.*)';S)
  * **Separator**: the character that separates the track title from the track artist/s (eg, -)
  * **Order**: if the artist comes before the track title in the stream data, let this be 0. If it's the opposite, let this be 1.
  * **Playlist ID**: the Spotify ID for the playlist you wish this stations songs to be added to. To obtain, right click a playlist in the client, go to share, then copy Spotify URI and remove "spotify:playlist:" from the start to be left with the ID.
  * **Include Remixes?**: let this be 1 if you want to include remix tracks in the search, else let this be 0.
  
  An example line:
    
      absolute-radio@@@http://live-absolute.sharp-stream.com/absoluteradio.mp3@@@latin1@@@StreamTitle='(.*)';S@@@-@@@1@@@0V9GJ7AN5KDWcceQHZdpE6@@@0
